README.md, before:

# [Title]
## Quick Look

**Authors & Affiliation**: [Authors] [Affiliations]

**Link** : [Paper link]

**Comments:**  [e.g. Published at X / arXiv paper/ in review.]

**TLDR:** [One or at most two line summary.] 

**Relevance**: [Score between 1 and 5, stating how relevant this paper is to your work. Usually filled in at the end. ]

## Research Topic
- Category (General) :
- Category (Specific) :
## Paper summary (What)
[Summary of the paper - a few sentences with bullet points. What did they do?]

## Issues addressed by the paper (Why)
[What are the issues that the paper addresses? Describe the problem. Why did they write this paper?]

## Detailed Information (How)

### Methodology

[How did they approach the problem. What methods did they use? ]

### Assumptions
[What assumptions were made and are these assumptions valid?]

### Prominent Formulas

[Can be empty]

### Prominent Figures
[Can be empty]
### Results
[Theoretical or empirical results (any main tables) ]

### Limitations
[Did the authors mention any limitations to their work? Do you see any limitations of their work?]
### Confusing aspects of the paper
[Is there anything that is confusing and could need better explanations or references?]
## Conclusions
### The author's conclusions
[What are the authors conclusion? What do they claim about their results.]

### My Conclusion
[What do you think about the work presented in the article? Did the authors manage to achieve what they set out to achieve?]

### Rating

[Fine, Good, Great, Wow, Turing Award ]

## Possible future work / improvements

[Can you think of ways to improve this paper or ideas for future work?]

## Extra
- Cited references to follow up on / related papers:
- Source code/ blog/ twitter thread/ other links:
---
## References
- [Template for taking notes for a paper? - Academia Stack Exchange](https://academia.stackexchange.com/questions/17113/template-for-taking-notes-for-a-paper)
- [Writing Notes](https://www.owlnet.rice.edu/~cainproj/writingtips/notes2.pdf)
- [How to Read A paper](https://web.stanford.edu/class/ee384m/Handouts/HowtoReadPaper.pdf)
- [yobibyte's Template](https://twitter.com/y0b1byte/status/1364841802839302144?s=20)
- [Alfredo Canziani's video](https://youtu.be/5KSGNomPJTE?t=36)

Commit message:

feat: Added docs on when to do detailed summaries, updates to related work.

README.md, after:

# [Title]
## Quick Look

**Authors & Affiliation**: [Authors] [Affiliations]

**Link** : [Paper link]

**Comments:**  [e.g. Published at X / arXiv paper/ in review.]

**TLDR:** [One or at most two line summary.] 

**Relevance**: [Score between 1 and 5, stating how relevant this paper is to your work. Usually filled in at the end. ]

## Research Topic
- Category (General) :
- Category (Specific) :

## Paper summary (What)
[Summary of the paper - a few sentences with bullet points. What did they do?]

## Issues addressed by the paper (Why)
[What are the issues that the paper addresses? Describe the problem. Why did they write this paper?]

## Detailed Information (How)
[ Only for work that appears to be highly related from reading abstract/intro/conclusion.]

### Methodology

[How did they approach the problem. What methods did they use? ]

### Assumptions
[What assumptions were made and are these assumptions valid?]

### Prominent Formulas

[Can be empty]

### Prominent Figures
[Can be empty]

### Results
[Theoretical or empirical results (any main tables) ]

### Limitations
[Did the authors mention any limitations to their work? Do you see any limitations of their work?]

### Confusing aspects of the paper
[Is there anything that is confusing and could need better explanations or references?]

## Conclusions

### The author's conclusions
[What are the authors conclusion? What do they claim about their results.]

### My Conclusion
[What do you think about the work presented in the article? Did the authors manage to achieve what they set out to achieve?]

### Rating
[Fine, Good, Great]

## Possible future work / improvements
[Can you think of ways to improve this paper or ideas for future work?]

## Relation to Own Work
[If related to own work.]

- What can we learn from their approach:
- How are we different:

## Extra
- Cited references to follow up on / related papers:
- Source code/ blog/ twitter thread/ other links:

## Extra
- Cited references to follow up on / related papers:
- Source code/ blog/ twitter thread/ other links:
---
## References
- [Template for taking notes for a paper? - Academia Stack Exchange](https://academia.stackexchange.com/questions/17113/template-for-taking-notes-for-a-paper)
- [Writing Notes](https://www.owlnet.rice.edu/~cainproj/writingtips/notes2.pdf)
- [How to Read A paper](https://web.stanford.edu/class/ee384m/Handouts/HowtoReadPaper.pdf)
- [yobibyte's Template](https://twitter.com/y0b1byte/status/1364841802839302144?s=20)
- [Alfredo Canziani's video](https://youtu.be/5KSGNomPJTE?t=36)
